there was the worst losing streak
consecutive of its history and to top
of crime unhappiness this time of
crisis the brand has equaled a 20 of
may and in which teodoro fernández meyssan
the ultimate cream idol saw the light in 1913
the only antecedent of this kind for
the still silver of 1947 the campaign that
to this day it is considered the worst
the history of university student was
about to take it to the second
division then only fernandez suffered
engages and own flesh the ignominy of
receive five straight losses between the
dates 5 and 9 of the amateur tournament in Lima
the funny thing is that the misfortune cream
that year began to take shape for a
motive indirectly related to the
smell the grape had been my champion in the
45 and 46 years
but by 1947 the leadership decided
Prioritize the budget to start
the construction of the stadium lolo
Fernández in Breña, for which he sent
several of his players
the main casualty was that of the brother of
trucker lolín transferred football
argentino also left the andrés club
Álvarez and víctor gómez selected from
gravity
all of which upset the base of the eleven
that ran the largest of the Fernandez
arturo in the first games of the year
and he did not feel the problem but from
from 15 on the 5th date began
write to his black streak on board
valeriano lópez's hand won by 1
to 3 by the date 6 it fell again was
before sucre fms that he defeated 2 to 0 the
thing would get worse the next week
the rival was the one of already all the life
lime alliance in a long classic water
finished the first time winning 3 to 1 with
two goals from lolo and another from terry
having discounted happy castle for
alliance but in complement
oscar herrera was stealing and oscar gómez
Sanchez in just eight minutes allowed
history and alliance ended up winning 34 and
on the date 8 lima cyclist would beat him
32 so that finally looking yesterday
Sunday July 13 against the opponent more
toned that I had by then
municipal sports that in the classic
Modern defeated meringues for 35
the streak happened bill months later
when the grape finished in the last place
saving the category in the last
minute before Lima alliance on the date
final
is forced to play an extra match for
the low with sporting tobacco that never
disputed since the Peruvian federation of
football canceled the decline and ordered that in
1948 the tournament will be played with 11 teams
but that's another story that by
well university student hopefully there is no
evoke on this page within one